lanky Frankie Panky is going to do a
little hanky Spanky with tier who's
playing as a lord General but hanky
Spanky fanky lanky Panky is the what
spider xar here on ashes of Typhon
pretty good hero to be facing up against
the IG I would say but
well I suppose at least it's arranged
here off the L G to contend with which
is generally quite good for
him I used to always feel that Lord
General was the best hero against elar
but that was in a very different
meta I definitely do not think that is
the case right now I think he's just by
far the worst IG hero having an IG hero
that that bleeds is pretty miserable but
tier is going for a pretty standard
older IG build with two Guardsman so
we'll see how it goes lanky Franky Panky
it's going for triple Guardians to face
him so this is this is like somewh from
[__]
2021 this is from a bygone
era support structure complete it's how
the old school meta always was prior to
everyone going like double cish and
getting gsman and never getting the
sergeant
and a lot of
shurikens and big army versus Army
fights I mean this is a map that
definitely provokes those army versus
army fights and this is bizarre this is
literally is this 2021 or is this 2020
this is a long time ago this was when
bestie was ruling Elite mod as the best
player always running around of Sentinel
into triple
gsman so that has not been the thing for
a long time many years so this is going
to be weird and rather predictably we
see a sh I would expect double shurikens
I mean this is
a well I mean I intended it to be a
sloppy sat is but we'll see how these
players play they're playing the old
school meta and this could be a good
game we'll
see yeah it's definitely a stopy SAT is
cuz the reaction time on the repairs
there was pretty [__] bad but that's
okay you know can't all be on cocaine
every game c with
piano no you just can't afford cocaine
it's uh meth I mean it's just as good
really power is ours as it should
be it's pretty much as good it's like
getting a Czech girlfriend versus a a
rose
girlfriend I'm sorry piano I'm sorry I'm
sorry I'm sorry Czech people you're
lovely especially M Czech
Romany lesbian
nous they love
so only seeing one Shing so far yeah
there you go God it's almost like I'm
psychic isn't it you think I'm an
lari second Shen is on route for Handy
Spanky lanky Franky
Panky dou Guardians here going to
encounter the Lord General who is out of
cover going to do some obscene damage to
him going to run for some
cover oh look at that hero just bled
going to get a sge yeah he's going to
stay on play which uh makes sense he's
going to get the sge boost his HP and
can reinforce that retinue uh model and
yeah he will easily dispatch these
Guardians who need to retreat before
they bleed they're going to bleed
they're
bleeding you need to retreat mate he's
not realized oh dear ah he's focusing on
taking out the Sentinel can he get it he
should be able to get it here but these
guys are paing weird but yeah I mean he
actually rotate the Shen I didn't even
realize
I thought he were just keeping it facing
this way either way it would have killed
the Sentinel but yeah he grabs the
Sentinel which is a pretty big win
because gsman on their own are pretty
[__] the reason why you get three of
them with a sentinel is so that you can
have crazy repair support for the
Sentinel now he's just got three
Guardsman so he's in a bit of trouble
you would expect typically spotters with
this build
okay A little bit of Mis micro there
from Mr panky
and setting up a little bit far back
with his shoken as well but
safe it just means he's not going to
actually take the contested VP which is
a bit
sad yeah but this is looking decent
mhm move up again now oh last turret
okay
interesting that won't reach the sh but
there's absolutely no chance of ever
taking the P right now so yeah I mean
that's okay that's not a bad idea
actually from tier there I like that
it's pretty cool denies this VP that's
for sure and he's still got the pressure
on down here he's kept the LG in player
Force off the Guardians once again
so cap this and then Retreat cuz at this
point you know you're rocking three
resue models with less than 350 HP you
don't want to just bleed unnecessarily
he's going to have to go back to base
and heal at some point soon anyway he
just retreats doesn't want the bleed I
mean he's got the two to zero
cap probably would have been worth the
bleed to get the extra VPS there but
it's not a big
deal yeah gasman not in cover
here only a few of thems even shooting
to be honest and yeah looks like we're
going to see the triple Guardians push
through the middle flank the
turret gsman kind of caught out right
now no medical kits it
seems they are just attrition through
this look lucky there's no retreat
grenades holy [__] they get the VP but
yeah now they're losing their Farm
that's not worth it he's just gone a
fast here to as tier he's probably going
to get a chimera it synergized with his
triple gsman and the fact he's gone for
a bit of a fast tech not getting any
tier 1.5 right now no spotters which is
brave of him against double shurikens I
mean this side lane down at the bottom
is completely locked out that shuen
needs to push up further and it looks
like well I don't know if you forgot
about it
but either way he's going to take out
the
turret this Guardian should probably
rotate over go Decap the the point
they're not going to contribute much
with that few models okay doesn't do
that it re-engages and inevitably has to
retreat them okay these guys do move up
but you don't own the VP my friend so I
don't know why you're trying to lock
this off you need to get the VP at least
Decap first right now having the shk in
here to support this push would have
been very very
helpful spider should probably just go
in and melee this swad that isn't
suppressed buy more time sure needs to
rotate and suppress these
dudes I appreciate you want to bleed
models from these as well how is he not
bled models there you go the sergeant
gets killed on the Lord General's
retinue I don't really know what they
were doing there okay he fishing for red
so he can use creeping bassist barrage
fine that's going to force off the shuri
trust in your guidance well it's going
to push it back didn't even force it off
man new Warriors are available to Jo and
he drops double gens and the Chimera
comes out okay but lanky Franky Panky is
now tier two as well so he's in a pretty
good situation Shin can take cover here
oh it's not even going to take cover
that's a bit Brave wow okay fair enough
yeah then W spider is coming down as
well the guns on these things will
absolutely mince Guardsmen but uh yeah
they're not very good against armor but
they do get ha
grenades here comes the bright l no
resources for the aspect to get the ha
wire grenade so yeah that's fine just
going to teleport away for
now he does show that he's got the
bright Lance I don't know if tier
clocked that or
not but he could
have General going to get forced off by
the sh in
here these idiots getting way too close
he going for the Decap how is he not
losing models
man wow only lost of resue member that
is worth the Decap it really is I'm
surprised he didn't lose more though I
really
am look at the size of the elar army
compared to
TI now it's probably worth upgrading
these guys yeah now that you you sort of
you're sure that he's not too far ahead
in Tech and you're not going to get beat
by a vehicle rush you got some AV on the
field he got
his ha grenade there via the aspect of
the W spider but you got to be careful
about how you use this you want to you
do want to set it up with your
brightlands so probably wants to pull
back a
bit just bleeding right now no real
reason pushing forward on the
Chimera
yeah now we can rotate cuz the Chimera
got too
bold slow reaction too late he does have
crackshot if well actually he doesn't
right now does he is crack shot 50 or 75
red I can't remember might only be 50
you know we have it no surely it's not
50 that's like super cheap I don't know
it could
beard
team obviously the point is use that on
the bright Lance more damage more range
can be very
effective which wow he didn't even use
it holy [__] that was just max
range okay Haywire where are you gosh
very slow on the
Haywire wow what spiders everything
getting deleted right now there is a
turret right there wow he didn't notice
the turret on the side nice turret by
Tia I love it I love seeing the last
turret play defensive last turret play
in both instances as well really
nice yeah that caught lanky Panky with
his pants down right there and he got a
little bit of a
Spanky pretty bad losing your bright
Lance so he's had to swap the other
shuriken weapons team to a bright Lance
so now he's got no
shuriken which means gsman can kind of
just walk into engagements and dominate
probably worth getting the oh I was
going to say getting the commissar on
your gsman rather than the sergeant just
because the DPS on a commissar leader is
a lot higher than the sge the sge
himself only does about two DPS with his
shitty um auto pistol last pistol
whatever it
is whereas the commissar is kind of like
a tactical space marine sergeant he's
doing like 20 DPS of his pistol it's
pretty
insane and they're the same upkeep so
yeah you pay obviously for the power to
get
the okay this heavy turret is not
great it's going to win for him he's got
the bright Lance oh well is it it missed
that shot which is not ideal and now
it's shooting a generator and he it's
dead crack shot there on the bright
Lance and he's not repairing it with the
Gman which is a bit
weird yeah and Gman only with a sergeant
not trading great against these
Guardians right now and the Guardians
don't even have the oh wow they don't
even have the Warlock should make them
even more effective crackshot there
putting in the work takes out the
Chimera after the heavy turret now we're
going to lob some grenades and the
retreat yep logical okay well crazy what
spiders lost a lot of models down here
what did they fight just a lot of
General seriously the
[__] damn they lost three models
fighting him that's
expensive VPS are very even right now
with oh lanky Frankie canceled tier
three he was going tier three right at
some point I swear he was I swear he
was not anymore
now he's got a casakin squad on route
for tier to contend with that's going to
be really tough PR for let's see how
this upgraded spider can do now he's
going to back off he don't want to cap
in the open he wants the cover but he's
got no one to support him and the VPS
are ticken down with his two to one cap
in favor of
tier we must arm for even crer Warfare
opportunity to improve
myself that's a nice barrage right
there beautiful
stuff wow catching all these guys out
and the amount of Splash damage right
now [__] hell this is Juicy seeing
all these Guardians blobbed up with such
low HP my God I don't know what you
could throw in it but anything would be
beautiful here come casakin with their
rapid fire immersion breaking plasma
guns
the enemy has targeted us why they have
plasma guns I'm not entirely
sure that makes them less effective
against all the light infantry they're
facing at the
moment so it's a bit
strange another defensive
turret I think that one can get
scrapped I mean you've got to go for
Leman next right
or honestly if you can get away with
this few units save up for a storm Lord
I know you were facing Eldar which means
you're risking the eldrich storm but
it's probably fine it's a 1 V one even
with an eldrich storm taking out storm
mode would be pretty drastically amazing
shall rise to the
challenge killing Rue models again takes
out the sge takes out a
bodyguard we have 200 points remaining
is it worth the the crack shot cool down
and red I don't
know yeah bright Lance takes out the
last
turret why the heck did he get plasma
guns that is the strangest
thing nice grav nade though so now you
grenade them plasma grenade that
is come on brother boom boom boom boom
boom nice damage is he focusing the sge
no he's he
he got
him didn't seem like he was focusing it
that was a beautiful grav nade though
very good
stuff yeah TI needed to react faster to
that
en the enemy has Ted us I mean you get
the Sprint ability on the the cakin you
really want to save it for things like
that hit Q to activate your Sprint bonus
move speed and then Dodge the grenade
it's quite obvious if the W spider
teleports in like that and he doesn't
have his melee upgrade then you know
what he's going to do he's going to
throw a grab grenade so you need to
split your units up and get
moving but yeah that was that was
beautiful
I'm so it looks like TI is actually
saving up
for a super heavy vehicle because he
isn't getting a Lima is that a frag
grenade ooh a little bit too early that
could have been a wipe which would have
been huge actually
you know removing the hair wire
potential against you super heavy would
be pretty great but here comes a fire
prism that's going to be pretty good
against a super heavy because it'll out
range it it's a good map for fire prisms
I mean look at these Lanes here massive
long Lanes where you can have nice line
of
sight so we're just going to see a
generic b blade which would have more
utility against the fire prism than a
stormlord but let's face it a fire prism
shouldn't be range of the the main
Cannon or the the side last Cannons of a
super heavy IG
vehicle and if it is it's probably going
to die anyway cuz it's it's not meant to
be in that
range casakin L gemerald being the big
bullies that they
are forcing off these isolated and non
full HP squads quite
easily but won't be able to to force off
the fire prism that
easily Lord General putting the VP
pressure on though somehow he is quite
far ahead in VPS so he obviously did
that little push down there
bottom and uh
lankey Panky only just sending Guardians
in a bright Lance down bot now but kasak
is still in play doesn't need the fire
prism dealing with the large Emerald
right
now really needs it down here yeah oh
dear yep not in the right spot at
all why is the fire prism up top I don't
know what he's doing only need a l
Emeral up here he's got way too much
needs to get on the VPS and that
requires controlling the bottom and now
he's got a [__] ban blade to contend
with has he got the red for
eldrich no he's quite far off as well he
needs to not use crackshot he got to be
very conservative about that kakin have
actually pulled out melter guns which
just use crack
shot he's not seen the ban blad so he
doesn't realize but he should know some
crazy is coming I mean casakin came onto
the field ages ago obviously now he has
seen the ban blad so he knows what's up
he needs to save the red now for an
eldrich should get a fair bit of red
killing all these Guardsmen oh
God first ban blade shot comes out kills
a
guardian and
and another Squad of Guardsmen has been
purchased for both capping and repair
support for the ban
blade let's see then fire prism can
start his chip and as you can see it is
very much chip
damage but it'll add up fairly quick you
know swinging a Miss there with a
demolish a cannon there goes the ha wire
grenade Bang
okay but the B blade can just turn
around and kill the prism now why the
[__] is the prism getting so
close needs to keep driving the ban
blade forward he didn't can he get that
shot oh
wow wow if he got one more last Cannon
shot if you go back you'll see that one
of the last cannon shots in that initial
engagement when the prison drove forward
shot of the Infantry instead if it hit
that prism it' be dead right now massive
massive micro ER there from lanky Franky
panky no reason to send the fire prism
so
close the ban blade must have gone
around the corner and the fire prism
lost line of sight but yeah just a big
error big
error but there is a second prism out
and Yeah prisms aren't that high in HP
and that means repairing them back to
full is not going to take long at all
when you got triple Guardians this is
not a good match up for the ban blade
just going to get out
ranged as long as the elar have got
something in front to provide line of
sight they should be good I wonder if
this is going to be oh heavy turret Oh I
thought it was going to be a bunker that
would have been
better okay brightlands cannot set up
here it's just going to get demolish a
cannoned uh or
no bright L is still firing at this ban
blade it's tanking beautifully under
repairs for now but it's not going to
last for long where is the Demolisher
Cannon he hasn't got
it he's just going to lose the ban blade
why did it sit there I mean it it took
out the bright Lance in the end but
sitting there under the fire of Two Fire
prisms prisms do need to be careful of
the heavy turret even though it missed
it shot there it will do quite a lot but
yeah these guys have the same range as
it if not more you could actually just
attack ground even if you can't see it
I'm pretty sure that would be effective
with the the prism command the EMP did
they just die no they got the the Decap
on the natural and then they got Retreat
I mean really good VPS for tier but now
he's fighting these two prisms I'm not
sure exactly what he's going to do just
teleport behind the heavy turret get
line of sight and these two can take it
out power of the prisms bang dead heavy
turret at full speed
we
can bit of a throw of his spider xar
there but it's
okay oh
God
yeah it's bit more than kaking can deal
with I don't know what this heavy turet
is oh my God the rear armor [__] that
does a lot of
damage that's a two shot on rear armor
eh what the hell this thing does two 200
so it only needs one rear armor hit and
then one normal armor hit and it kills a
prism that is crazy I don't realize it
did that much damage destruction is
complete
wow clearly mostly an a
weapon but yeah he didn't snag the
prisms and so that is pretty much going
to be a GG he's stalling it out with
group and basilis barrage
but doesn't really matter yeah I was
going to say why are you walking these
Guardians away Mr Panky you need to get
on that PP well you can
son and yeah you cannot cap with units
that are vulnerable to knock back with
fire prisoners attacking you the cool
down on their attacks is not long enough
you will not ever Decap the VP and
that's one of the coolest things about
fire prisms so powerful to just deny a
cap like that pris Cannon is yours to
command try all they might to throw
bodies on the VP it's not going to work
against the fire prism
Behold our new
possession
our like spamming crack shot don't he I
mean I don't he's got loads of loads of
red in spite of it so it's not a
terrible idea it's better practice than
never using your
red but I don't know I was just like
that that situation there did you really
need to use crack shot I think you good
this now is is decent though cuz this is
a bit more of a tough firefight nice
graet CAU them
again yeah gra are pretty good at lower
level aren't they when the reaction
time's slow they put in a lot of
work ah Mel Storm Troopers yeah no uh no
Rangers to detect them so they are a
great option to kill fire
prisms any sort of artillery vehicle
they're good at they don't have the
energy for their melter
problem is they can get knocked over
like
that so if you don't you kind of need
something else to sort of bait the
initial attack from the fire
prism
yeah and that is
GG I
right I mean he's
just how could like he can't he can't
win this
surely pushes out down here with casakin
but fire prison just denies the cap yeah
there's no
AV there's just no a he's got plasma
guns as well in the gasma for some
reason why is he got for them it's very
weird you know maybe if uh tier went for
a a Leman he could have made a comeback
here but the fact that he went for
double puzles and the Gman [__] weird
grav nade into an eldrich oh so you know
what some really nice combos from from
lanky Franky Panky with the grav nads
here and yeah Mel Storm Troopers T try
it again but obviously they just get
knocked over by the
prisms and then the L General Walks Into
The Retreat grenades that finish off the
Storm Troopers and that is
GG yeah yeah I put it for you know I'll
give him that he he drawn this out at
the end and somehow got lanky Franky
Panky down to 34 VPS but that was over a
long time ago lanky Panky needs to
prioritize the VPS more in his
positioning of the prism
but yeah decent play actually from from
lowlevel players not really very meta
going for these plasma guns at the end
was very confusing and I really do think
if Tio managed to get out another Leman
he would have had a chance he got these
prisms low with the melters and then if
they're distracted either either way
like if they're distracted in dispersed
mode trying to knock over the melters
then you can just drive your Leman in
the back and shoot them in the ass or
you drive the Leman in first get them
focused on trying to kill the Leman and
then suddenly you appear behind them
them whilst they're in focused beam so
they can't knock you over then you hit
them with the Storm Troopers and wipe
them out so with with all the gasman he
had and the cakan I think he definitely
was was room for winning this on the VPS
given how close it came but kind of
thrown it at the end as far as lanky
Panky was concerned no eldrich on the
ban blade was a disappointment but he
ended up killing it anyway but I think a
better
player he wouldn't have killed that b
blade so easily why it didn't demolish a
Canon the bright Lance immediately I
don't know that bright Lance was
shooting with crackshot for so long and
in the end the ban blade just killed it
with its normal guns but he literally
could have just demolished a Canon
instantly to force it off so I don't
know what he was doing he first tried to
demolish a Canon the triple Guardians
and yes it's tempting food to blow up
but you have to recognize the priority
there you had double prisms on you and
then he seen the double prisms and
that's when he canceled the demolish
Cannon didn't even fire at the Guardians
and tried to back off but you're a bit
blad so you Retreat very slowly anyway
pretty decent showing there that's a
good one thank you for the submission
folks that is going to be all for me by
topid I'm signing out peace
[Music]